Update system health pages (#23564)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/more-info/system-health.markdown

description: "More information about System Health."
---

System health is information about your Home Assistant instance. Information including data on your system architecture, operating system and version, Home Assistant installation type and version, Python version, frontend version, the number of [Dashboards](/dashboards/dashboards/) and [Views](/dashboards/views/) you have, and more.

System Health integration data can be viewed at **Settings** -> **System** -> **Repairs** -> **System Information** in the overflow menu (top right). Or by using the My link below:

{% my system_health badge %}

> ![system_health](/images/more-info/system_health.png)

Reviewer: Removes the borders for images like these:

```suggestion
<img class="no-shadow" src='/images/more-info/system_health.png' alt='Screenshot showing the system health dialog'>
```

## GitHub issues

GitHub issues often call for the data presented in the System Health.
The Home Assistant UI provides an easy way to get this information.

In the bottom-right corner of the System information dialog click on the copy button.
This will format the content of the card and place it on your clipboard so you
can easily paste it into a GitHub issue.

> ![system_health_github](/images/more-info/system_health_github.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img class="no-shadow" src='/images/more-info/system_health_github.png' alt='Screenshot showing the copy button in the system health dialog'>
```
